\# Jiang’s Maze

\#\# Marketing Plan

\#\# Customers

\*Almost everyone enjoys games not everyone who enjoys games will be
willing to spend money on purchasing a game. So the target audience for
our game are people who are willing to spend their hard-earned cash on a
game that they will then dedicate time to playing. This market segment
is usually looking for games that are challenging, rewarding, and have
engaging gameplay. Another group of audience we are targeting are people
who go on long commutes.  This target market segment is usually looking
for games that can be played in short bursts. They are often interested
in games that do not require too much time commitment and can be paused
and resumed easily. Puzzle games and strategy games are usually popular
with this target market segment as they can be played for a few minutes
at a time without having to start from the beginning every time. Jiang’s
maze can be restarted and can even prompt the winning route so this kind
of small game with challenges and no pressure is very suitable for
everyone who pursues speed and freshness in modern society.

\#\# Economics

\*Nowadays, users have more and more opportunities to come into contact
with mini games and advertisements, so simple and easy-to-understand
content is easier to capture the hearts of users, and easy mini games
can bring users a short play time and relaxation. In the game industry,
most adults are willing to watch movies instead of playing games during
their commute time, because the game play time is long and difficult to
pause in the middle, and the movie can be paused and resumed at any
time, so the user's commute time will be used in more meaningful things.

Our products are fast and challenge. If combined with reality and the
promotion of the project, we can add product coupons to the mini-game,
and Promote merchants' products through product coupons during customs
clearance, and the launch of mini-games can be locked on the webpage. Or
a small game in shopping software, so our game will allow merchants to
use our mini-game in an embedded way.

 

 

 

 

\#\# Competition

\*In the current fierce market competition, the attractiveness of the
game and the acceptance of users have always been our challenges, and
the way to solve these two main reasons is to increase the interaction
between the game and reality and bring in short stories and music. 
There are many small games with beautiful art and rich stories competing
in the market, but some of them are too complicated and the stories are
too rich, and the purpose of small games is to make it easy for people
to play and find fun, which is why we added music and simple  character
story play.

 

\#\# Product, Price, Promotion, Place

\*Advertisements: We may advertise our product through social media
marketing. Here are some ways we will use social channels for product
promotions without and costs:

Creating a brand page

=Announcing new products, offers and discounts

Getting feedback from customers

Answering customer queries

Uploading pictorial and video tutorials of Jiang’s Maze

Linking landing pages and blog posts

Most social media platforms now offer a space where people can buy and
sell as well. Facebook for example, has the Facebook Marketplace where
users can put up their products for sale to local and global audiences.
Similarly, Instagram Shop features products along with their price tags
which you can buy directly from the brand’s page and checkout.

We will also be introducing a loyalty program and be running dynamic
remarketing ads using Google ads.

 

\#\# Sales Forecast

\*We expect to cooperate with various merchants to provide our
mini-games to help them promote it. We will cooperate with merchants in
the form of monthly fees, and we will also regularly launch new
mini-games to serve merchants. The part of cooperation with the app is
to sell and cooperate with each game as a product, so that our
mini-games can be settled in the app.
